c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SpeedReader.exe
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SpeedReader.pdb
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\obj\x86\Debug\SpeedReader.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\obj\x86\Debug\SpeedReader.exe
c:\Users\Frankie\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\obj\x86\Debug\SpeedReader.pdb
C:\Users\Frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Pixel.xnb
C:\Users\Frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buttons.xnb
C:\Users\Frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Heading.xnb
C:\Users\Frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Paragraph.xnb
C:\Users\Frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Reading.xnb
C:\Users\Frankie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SpeedReader\SpeedReader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Icon.xnb
